---
# This file is automatically generated. DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY.
---

# Root options

## acceptEULA

Accept the [End User License Agreement](https://www.gitkraken.com/eula).

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-globe"></i> Global</Badge>

**Type:** boolean

**Default:** `false`

## defaultProfile.icon

Icon avatar for the default profile.

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-users"></i> Profile</Badge>

**Type:** constrained string

**Valid values:**
- `Albert Keifstein`
- `AquaKeif`
- `Architect Keif`
- `Brainy Keif`
- `Butler Keif`
- `Captain FalKeif`
- `Detective Keifachu`
- `Developer Keif 1`
- `Developer Keif 2`
- `Dia de los Muertos`
- `Dr. Keif Stanz`
- `Flash Keif`
- `Git Mage`
- `Gitty Up`
- `Gourmet Sh*t`
- `Gravatar`
- `Headphones Keif`
- `Kaken Claus`
- `Kefie the Riveter`
- `Keif Snow`
- `Keif the Kraken`
- `Keifa Lovelace`
- `Keifer Simpson`
- `Keiferella`
- `Keiflo Ren`
- `Keiflock Holmes`
- `Keifuto`
- `Kraken Hook`
- `Kraknos`
- `Leprekraken`
- `LinKeif`
- `LumberKeif`
- `Martian Kraken`
- `Mother of Krakens`
- `Neo Keif`
- `OG`
- `Power Gitter`
- `Princess Keifia`
- `Pro Keif`
- `Rasta Keif`
- `Rise of SkyKraken`
- `Sir Keif`
- `Snowkraken`
- `Space Rocket Keif`
- `Stranger Krakens`
- `The Kraken Who Lived`
- `Thunder Kraken`
- `Top Git`
- `Uma Kraken`
- `Vanilla Keif`
- `Velma Keif`
- `Wonder Kraken`
- `Yoda Keif`

**Default:** `Gravatar`

## defaultProfile.name

Name of the default profile.

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-users"></i> Profile</Badge>

**Type:** string

**Default:** `Default Profile`

## enable

Whether to enable NixKraken.

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-globe"></i> Global</Badge>

**Type:** boolean

**Default:** `false`

## logLevel

Set log level in activity log.

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-globe"></i> Global</Badge>

**Type:** constrained string

**Valid values:**
- `standard`
- `extended`
- `silly`

**Default:** `standard`

## package

The GitKraken package to use.

::: warning

This option:

- requires to allow unfree packages
- is mutually exclusive with [`version`](#version)

We advise users to use the [`version`](#version) option instead of this one, since we [cannot guarantee compatibility](../guide/notes/compatibility.md) when it is used.

Also be aware that the [binary cache](../guide/user/caching.md) might not apply.

:::

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-globe"></i> Global</Badge>

**Type:** null or package

**Default:** `null`

**Example:** `pkgs.unstable.gitkraken`

## skipTutorial

Skip the introduction tutorial.

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-globe"></i> Global</Badge>

**Type:** boolean

**Default:** `false`

## version

The GitKraken version to use.

::: warning

When using this option, the GitKraken package will automatically be fetched from a commit of [nixpkgs](https://github.com/nixos/nixpkgs) known to be available in the cache. To benefit from the cache, users should first [configure it](../guide/user/caching.md).

This option is mutually exclusive with [`package`](#package).

:::

**Scope:** <Badge type="tip"><i class="fa-solid fa-globe"></i> Global</Badge>

**Type:** null or constrained string

**Valid values:**
- `11.1.0`
- `11.1.1`
- `11.2.0`
- `11.2.1`
- `11.3.0`
- `11.4.0`
- `11.5.0`

**Default:** `11.5.0`
